## Student Feedback

### Fall 2022

> This was a really useful introduction to basic machine learning principles—a great balance between theory and implementation/applications. We skimmed over the rigorous analysis of most models, but I feel like I know enough to apply any of these models to my research and how to diagnose common problems.
> 
> Anil Damle and Wen Sun co-taught the class—both were really well-prepared and engaging lecturers. (Especially Wen!) I felt that they clearly motivated every model and did a great job of highlighting the most important pros and cons of each model that are relevant for anyone applying these models in their own work.
> 
> The homework was a mix of written problem sets focused on theory and programming assignments, a balance that really reflected the overall content of the course.
> 
> This was a very large class and definitely felt like an undergrad course. (Lots of stressed CS majors in office hours asking about grading schemes and extra credit opportunities…) There was a timed, in-person midterm and final exam.
> 
> In general, a pretty light workload compared to other 5000-level classes. I would definitely recommend having all the prerequisites listed in the course catalog—particularly linear algebra and basic probability theory. If you’ve had any exposure to numerical optimization, that would also be helpful. (I’m glad I took this after CS 5223, but it’s definitely not necessary.) And I would definitely recommend being comfortable programming.